here we are at the RBC center with Henry
stall father of Jordan Eric and Marc
Staal and Henry you must be looking
forward to traveling and getting up so
your son's played all these different
arenas that's actually a real fun
experience great how often you get to
North Carolina to see Eric play now
tonight with a Jordan plane as well do
you get a chance to go out with them
afterwards and compare notes of who got
the better of food for a game like this
last night after the games might just
get to see IM as a Canadian father who
used to take a sons to the ranks and
this year being a Canadian Olympic year
you must be pretty proud that year three
sons a potentially have an opportunity
to play for the team dinner yeah that
was that was a business the surprise
switch me off the Austin nerves or in a
mark I think that was a big honor just
to be invite there so yeah if one of
them leave
it'll be a pretty crazy over actually in
the world mark and that was crazy enough
I can't imagine yeah now if you have any
plans to go to Vancouver to the aims if
one of the boys make it absolutely great
right now you'll be heading back the
Thunder Bay i guess the neck so a while
and i enjoying the nice warm
temperatures down here yeah kind of God
afford to go back because impressive
small raise but you know I like my life
different seasons too but it's been nice
time they'd get a chance to play golf
here and there I did I have golfing a
few times it's just just a great time so
that the three sons who's a better
golfer was the fair golfer lee erika
jordan again it's like when they play
like in your folder sure one guy with
the other guy get into two toes itch of
its company so erika jordan i was
terrible
tear tear tough okay great well Henry I
appreciate your time today and enjoy the
game tonight